README.md, before:

# Rhythm Game Songs!

On this website you'll find songs for rhythm game mappers to choose to map!

This website is sorted from genre's, including Electronic, Vocaloid, and Anime!


## Electronic
[VINXIS - Sidetracked Day.](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Sidetracked%20Day.mp3)

[Lite Show Magic - Crack traxxxx](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Crack%20Traxxxx.mp3)

## Anime
[the peggies - Kimi no Sei](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/the%20peggies%20-%20Kimi%20no%20Sei.mp3)

[ClariS - Hitorigoto -TV MIX-](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Hitorigoto.mp3)

[Hanasaka Yui (CV_ M.A.O) - Harumachi Clover (TV Size)](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Harumachi%20Clover%20(TV%20Size).mp3)

## Weird rhythm
[Light - Anoneanoneanoneanoneanoneanoneanoneanone Kouji ga Okureteruno](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Anoneanoneanone%20Kouji%20ga%20Okureteruno.mp3)

[IOSYS - Marisa wa Taihen na Mono wo Nusunde Ikimashita](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Marisa%20wa%20Taihen%20na%20Mono%20wo%20Nusunde%20Ikimashita.mp3)

[Nico Nico Douga - U.N. Owen Was Her](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/U.N.%20Owen%20Was%20Her.mp3)

## Vocaloid
[cosMo@BousouP feat.Hatsune Miku - Hatsune Miku no Shoushitsu](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/shousitu.mp3)

[Hatsune Miku - Atama no Taisou](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/atama%20no%20taisou.mp3)

[Nanahoshi Kangengakudan feat. Hatsune Miku - Rubik's Cube](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Rubik's%20Cube.mp3)

Commit message:

Update README.md to the current website version

README.md, after:

[View Source Code](https://github.com/Plextora/rhythm-game-songs/blob/gh-pages/index.html)
[View README.md Source Code](https://github.com/Plextora/rhythm-game-songs/blob/gh-pages/README.md)

Rhythm Game Songs
=================

A README.md for rhythm game mappers to find songs to map
------------------------------------------------------

On this README.md you'll find songs for rhythm game mappers to choose to map!

This README.md is sorted into genres, including Electronic, Vocaloid, and Anime!

Electronic
----------

[VINXIS - Sidetracked Day.](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Sidetracked%20Day.mp3)

[Lite Show Magic - Crack traxxxx](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Crack%20Traxxxx.mp3)

Anime
-----

[the peggies - Kimi no Sei](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/the%20peggies%20-%20Kimi%20no%20Sei.mp3)

[ClariS - Hitorigoto -TV MIX-](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Hitorigoto.mp3)

[Hanasaka Yui (CV\_ M.A.O) - Harumachi Clover (TV Size)](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Harumachi%20Clover%20.mp3)

Weird rhythm
------------

[Light - Anoneanoneanoneanoneanoneanoneanoneanone Kouji ga Okureteruno](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Anoneanoneanone%20Kouji%20ga%20Okureteruno.mp3)

[IOSYS - Marisa wa Taihen na Mono wo Nusunde Ikimashita](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Marisa%20wa%20Taihen%20na%20Mono%20wo%20Nusunde%20Ikimashita.mp3)

[Nico Nico Douga - U.N. Owen Was Her](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/U.N.%20Owen%20Was%20Her.mp3)

Vocaloid
--------

[cosMo@BousouP feat.Hatsune Miku - Hatsune Miku no Shoushitsu](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/shousitu.mp3)

[Hatsune Miku - Atama no Taisou](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/atama%20no%20taisou.mp3)

[Nanahoshi Kangengakudan feat. Hatsune Miku - Rubik's Cube](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Rubik's%20Cube.mp3)

Camellia
--------

[かめりあ - Blastix Riotz](https://plextora.github.io/rhythm-game-songs/Songs/Camellia%20-%20Blastix%20Riotz.mp3)

This repo is maintained by [Plextora](https://github.com/Plextora)
